For me, personally, because I'm such a senior individual, many days are
pretty repetitive. A lot of the training I've seen so many times before,
that's why I'm an expert. A lot of the manuals, I've read so
many times before that's why I'm an expert and some things, I could
quote by heart. So, there's not that much extra learning that I need
to do but then again, that's why I'm a Chief. We're the people that
you're supposed to go to. What I see in newer people that come, for
instance, they've just been in for a year or maybe two years, during
working hours, I see them having the book open, turning page by page,
learning new material. If they have questions, they come to me,
they ask, well, first classes or more senior people to them. For me,
as a Chief, even though I've seen a lot of the things very often, there
are things I do, for instance, I might go on my annual training.
When I go to a ship that I'd never seen before, or I go to a station
that I've never been to before and they ask me new things, that's
when I actually have to learn myself. So, there are about two weeks
per year that I go to a ship and they say, "Hey, find the ground in
this" and I haven't seen a ground or I haven't had to look for a ground
in a couple of years. That's when I go to my civilian co-workers
and ask them, "Hey, it's been a while since I've done this. Can you
please give me some advice?" Or, I have to pick up a book myself.